Manual prebuilt rule updates support notice (#4934)
elastic/security-docs: docs/upgrade/upgrade-security.asciidoc

but upgrading from a pre-release to the Generally Available version is unsupported.
You should use pre-release versions only for testing in a temporary environment.

[float]
=== Support for Elastic prebuilt detection rule automatic updates

> <<update-prebuilt-rules,Automatic updates of Elastic prebuilt detection rules>> are supported for the current {elastic-sec} version and the latest three previous minor releases. For example, if you’re upgrading to {elastic-sec} 8.10, you’ll be able to use the Rules UI to update your prebuilt rules until {elastic-sec} 8.14 is released. After that point, you can still manually download and install updated prebuilt rules, but you must upgrade to the latest {elastic-sec} version if you prefer automatic updates.

Author: ```suggestion
<<update-prebuilt-rules,Automatic updates of Elastic prebuilt detection rules>> are supported for the current {elastic-sec} version and the latest three previous minor releases. For example, if you’re upgrading to {elastic-sec} 8.10, you’ll be able to use the Rules UI to update your prebuilt rules until {elastic-sec} 8.14 is released. After that point, you can still manually download and install updated prebuilt rules, but you must upgrade to the latest {elastic-sec} version to receive automatic updates.
```

> <<update-prebuilt-rules,Automatic updates of Elastic prebuilt detection rules>> are supported for the current {elastic-sec} version and the latest three previous minor releases. For example, if you’re upgrading to {elastic-sec} 8.10, you’ll be able to use the Rules UI to update your prebuilt rules until {elastic-sec} 8.14 is released. After that point, you can still manually download and install updated prebuilt rules, but consider upgrading to the latest {elastic-sec} version if you prefer automatic updates.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion you want both updates to match:

```suggestion
<<update-prebuilt-rules,Automatic updates of Elastic prebuilt detection rules>> are supported for the current {elastic-sec} version and the latest three previous minor releases. For example, if you’re upgrading to {elastic-sec} 8.10, you’ll be able to use the Rules UI to update your prebuilt rules until {elastic-sec} 8.14 is released. After that point, you can still manually download and install updated prebuilt rules, but you must upgrade to the latest {elastic-sec} version if you prefer automatic updates.
```
